Sunday 9AM-2PM at the DAC

As a Tech Judge you will help on sunday morning verifying that the teams get code into the repos, that the MIT Open Source license is not invalidated and giving a thumps-up on that the code looks like code and not total smoke & mirrors.

It's mostly about having fun.

As you sign up you will be invited to the Hack4Cause Slack and you can join the #tech-judges channel to get details on the repos, schedule etc.

You will need a computer to check the repos.  If you don't have one handy, you can borrow one.  Unless of course there are more of you then computers.  So just bring one.

You should laso have a GetHub account and maybe a Devpost.com account.

The schedule:

Arrive at the DAC at 9PM and go to the Lobby Ballroom and look for Mark.  If you don't know mark, just look for the "Ginger Sasquatch".  He'll get you started and assign you to your teams.

The teams will beb in the throws of wrapping up and might be tired and hungery.  Start by asking them if they need anything and then gently remind them that pull-requests need to be submitted by 10AM.  They can keep working for the demo, but the repo must be updated by 10AM.  We will not be doing code reviews, byt just eyeballing it to make sure it's not a powerpoint presentation and the MIT license is preserved.

Use your 9-10AM time to get a quainted with your team(s) repos and help them submit Pull Requests.  If you don't know about PR's do some research before the event.  remember: you are the expert :) 

At 11AM wonder over to the Axe Billy Grill and meet the judges.  There will be more teams than tech judges, so you might be working with a few sets of judges.  You will verify that the code looks like code and everything is good.  You might be in a situation where "all things being equal; who would you pick" and you can give your opinion.  But you are really a minor player in judging. 

Judging and bruch happen around noon and then we are on to final presentations.  The Media will show up and that's a good optunity for you to get on the TV if that's your thing.

Prizes are awarded around 2 and then you are done.

If you want to hang around you can, but you are free to go.
